1. The My Opinion on solving this problem statement was. First I completed task 1 using HTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT, and JQERY and after that, I asked
to extend the deadline for task 2. Simultaneously I make sure to give enough priority to my family because due to some
emergency, and after that emergency had been resolved then I did focus on task 2 and completed task 2 before the deadline.
I also informed the regarded person (respective managers/customers) about that emergency and kept them updated in the future as well.

Why have I chosen this approach and the facts considered before making a decision:
- Though task1 is of low priority still takes less time to complete as compared to task2.
- On the other hand, task 2 is complex and will take more time which was not possible due to a family emergency, and it's unavoidable.
- I have been given a chance to extend the deadline of only one of the two assignments.
- Because of the emergency I was not able to focus enough on a complex task and delivering low-quality work is bad than delay.


2.  To Sumit(manager),
Subject- Online Survey Assignment
Dear Sir,
As mentioned in the task1, the assignment consists of pages as follows:
The first page contains a form that takes input from the email and contact number followed by a button said: "TALK TO US". On filled in the details and clicking the button will be redirected to the next
page containing the ThankYou for survey message along with the user details.

Tech stack used: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Jquery.
Features:  The form is responsive accordingly to the screen sizes.
The form contains validation as mentioned in the task that the user can not type an invalid email (having < minimum length).
The user can not submit the empty fields as it will show an error message.
The mobile Number input box will take only digits and the length will be exactly 10 else show an error (Invalid contact number).
The pages are user-friendly and attractive to engage the user's attention.

Regards,
Swati Saulanki

3.  To Customer,
Subject- Informing customer regarding project delay
Dear Sir/Ma'am,
I’m sorry to inform you that I was not able to deliver the given task on time initially finalized and have adjusted the timeline according to the new scenario.
Due to a family emergency, task 2 has been delayed by three days. Our new estimated deadline is 5 Feb 2023.
I was confident that after the issue has been solved I was able to complete the project quickly and efficiently.

I appreciate your flexibility and understanding as we tackle this issue.
Please contact me If you have any questions about the Task, the new schedule, or anything else.

Thank you.

Regards,
Swati Saulanki
